<ol>
<li><H2>Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?</li></H2>

I’m interested in programming, because I would like to change the world one day. The thought alone brings this tingly feeling to my inside, how a programming langue can create different tools, software, and applications. It’s astonishingly beautiful the thought of creating something from the basics of nothing, to witness nothing (for example code) turn into this magnificent entity that people could use in everyday life (for example Computer or Phone Applications) allows you to be able to watch & and interact with the rest of the world is amazing. Sounds like magic to me! From an early age I’ve been taught that my voice is powerful. I wish someone taught me the power of coding or programming instead, as another alternative way to show power in my ideas and voice. The first time I was exposed to coding was in middle school, as I can remember using Myspace I have vivid memory of being 13 years old running home to my computer to manage my profile. The key was to have it uniquely represent my character, and the way for me to do that was by telling the computer to change background colors, apply different sized fonts, creating little cool pop ups, and I was able to teach myself html. Since that time, I’ve watched YouTube videos and completed research on programming; I like to read articles on code written by professional programmers in my spare time. In all honestly I’m disappointed at myself for my lack of exposure to coding and programming, which is the exact reason why I’ve decided to change that, thus how I discovered Ada.

<li><H2>If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?</li></H2>

In five years I see myself thriving in being a coder, and making the impact in the world by offering undeveloped 3rd world country’s a chance to learn how to code. I would love to teach children, teens & adults how to code. I see myself donating computers, and exposing the beauty of code to people that wouldn’t have the resources to discover it otherwise. Every single person on this planet deserves to know about computer programming and learn how that can change the world.

<li><H2>After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community?</li></H2>

I was born in Mombasa, Kenya my family immigrated to the United States when I was just one year old. I’m a proud American with a wonderful African heritage, I consider myself to be a very passionate, driven, bubbly, outgoing African- American women. Is it bizarre to admit that I felt so excited and motivated after reading Ada’s Vision, Mission & Inclusivity statement? Therefore, I was able to relate how my background and up bring is the main driving force in my contributions, I can make the connection in regards to creating a diverse and inclusive community, and how my background plays a large role in forming that community. I realized that I have to be the change I want to see in this world, I’m tremendously ready to broaden my exposure, and learn the ins and outs of computer programming. 

<li><H2>Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?</li></H2>

 The mistake I made was attending South Seattle College vs attending a major University. The beautiful thing about making a mistake is the fact that you get the opportunity to learn and grow from it. I always wanted to purse higher education; however I did not understand or know how to achieve that goal after graduating high school. I’ve had many choices in my life, and lots of decisions on how to go about different situations. The reason I made the mistake of attending a Community College vs a University only played a role in my life until most recently, I got a chance to visit a major University and learning about the campus life, historical history, and artifacts made me realize the mistake I made and how I cannot receive that experience. If I had the chance to encounter a decision, to purse a major University vs attending a local Community College I would make the right choice. I’m truly convinced that I would attend a major University, I would enjoy the experience of living on campus, learning of the historical history of the University and being involved in the overall University experience is what I would do differently.  
 </ol>
